Document FileConfigurationProvider reload-token behavior after ignored load failures (#55313)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/extensions/11/fileconfigurationprovider-reload-token-load-failure.md

---
title: "Breaking change: FileConfigurationProvider doesn't raise reload token after ignored load failure"
description: "Learn about the breaking change in .NET 11 where FileConfigurationProvider doesn't raise its reload token after an ignored load failure."
ms.date: 08/05/2026
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---

# FileConfigurationProvider doesn't raise reload token after ignored load failure

> In .NET 11, <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileConfigurationProvider> doesn't call `OnReload` or fire its reload token after <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileConfigurationProvider.Load> fails and its <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileConfigurationSource.OnLoadException> callback ignores the exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileConfigurationProvider> no longer calls `OnReload` or fires its reload token after <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileConfigurationProvider.Load> fails and its <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileConfigurationSource.OnLoadException> callback ignores the exception.
```
